This package was debianized by Baruch Even <baruch@debian.org> on
Wed,  9 Oct 2002 17:10:24 +0200.

It was downloaded from http://culmus.sourceforge.net/

Upstream Author: Maxim Iorsh <iorsh@users.sourceforge.net>

Copyright:

Digital version of Aharoni font family (Hebrew glyphs and part of
punctuation) is copyright 2002 by Maxim Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  
Latin glyphs, digits and part of punctuation contained in the Aharoni font
family are part of URW Gothic L font family and are copyright (URW)++,
copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design & Development. All rights reserved.

Digital version of David font family (Hebrew glyphs, numerals and part of
punctuation) is copyright 2002 by Maxim Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).
Latin glyphs and part of punctuation contained in the David font family
are part of Bitstream Charter font family and are copyright 1990 as an
unpublished work by Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.

Digital version of Frank-Ruehl font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright
2002 by Maxim Iorsh (iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and
punctuation contained in the Frank-Ruehl font family are part of Century
Schoolbook L font family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by
(URW)++ Design & Development. All rights reserved.

Nachlieli font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2002 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Nachlieli font family are part of Nimbus Sans L font
family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

Hasida font family (Hebrew glyphs) is copyright 2002 by Maxim Iorsh
(iorsh@math.technion.ac.il).  Latin glyphs, digits and punctuation
contained in the Nachlieli font family are part of Nimbus Mono L font
family and are copyright (URW)++, copyright 1999 by (URW)++ Design &
Development. All rights reserved.

This package is distributed under the terms of GNU General Public License
version 2.

You can find the GNU GPL license at /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-2
